Add note about provider sdks as wasm components (#938)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/concepts/capabilities.mdx

wasmCloud supports custom capabilities&mdash;use our provider SDKs for [Rust](https://crates.io/crates/wasmcloud-provider-sdk) and [Go](https://github.com/wasmCloud/provider-sdk-go) to create your own providers, and write your own interfaces in the [WebAssembly Interface Type (WIT)](/docs/concepts/interfaces) interface description language. 

:::info[Note]

> The long term plan is to be able to develop capability providers as wasm components. Providers need to handle NATS subscriptions and generate types for wRPC and then run as a standalone binary. Adding native SDKs for more languages would also require native SDKs for these languages in NATS and wRPC, so the most flexible option is to enable wasm component providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The long term plan is to be able to develop capability providers as Wasm components. Providers are fairly simple, only needing to handle NATS subscriptions for wRPC, generate types from WIT, and then execute as a standalone binary. Enabling Wasm component providers would remove the complexity of cross-compilation and the need to execute as a native binary, as well as improving performance and security. We're continuously evaluating the Wasm landscape to determine when we can make this shift.
```
